Kid Icarus notes

Pause screen snaps; no elegant transition

Bushes go in front of Pit
down ducks, can hobble sideways and get stuck in little holes.  The walls are transparent 

Holding a goes higher than pressing it

Screen is centered at maximum middle-height; whenever the middle of the screen is crossed the screen goes up.

When he hits the water, Pit flashes back and forth when he takes a damage as an immunity screen.  He looks like he turns into a racecar driver.  When he dies he screams and falls instantly.

Immunity lasts for about 3 seconds.

SACRED WORDS	000000 000000
				E30000 0000Yx
				
DIFFERENT SACRED WORDS ON DEATH
				
Start from the beginning when you die

Enemies poof away when shot

Hearts dropped from enemies dissapear after about 4 seconds

Arrows and projectiles do not curve around the screen.
Pit can be any fraction around.
Pit can shoot if the bow is fully on the right side

If pit falls, "I'M FINISHED"
	
Enemies:
Dragon marchers, floating angry eyes
	Dragons - march straight forward and then move toward pit when they fall
		They turn into little hearts on death
		Come in 4s or 2s as well
		Spawn in midair
	Eyes fly around and follow the leader.  They don't wrap unless they're going down.  
		Eyes go off the screen and vanish. 
		They turn into big half-hearts on death
		If one of them falls out of line it stops following them.
		They spawn somewhere?
		They don't seem to respawn all the time.
		Kind of follow you
		If the middle guys get killed, the edge guys keep their distance/pattern
	Grim reapers summon dudes, take a bunch of hits, and do a little (does dance on edge of platform only)
		Flashes on hit
		Little dudes move similarly to the big orange eyes and drop little hearts
		Grim reaper drops a huge heart
		There will only ever be 4 little dudes on the screen at a time (sometime he summons 4 at once, sometimes pairs
		Can't be killed while dancing
			Or hit is delayed?
		Little dudes spawn after grimp reaper notices you
	Googly eyed mustache dudes flying purple things in special rooms. (really difficult)
		Turn into big hearts on death
		Come in eights
	Munchy frog guys also take multiple hits
		Until powerup where they die in one shot
		Move around like dragons (=superdragon?)
	Little fire things wake up if you step on them and shoot fire at you which you can't run away from (it moves really fast
	Jumping crabs spawn out of below you x4es, not tir tentaclesh
	Sideways plants hurt you with their ey
Baddies survive water

kinda slides off the edge of platform after he's halfway off
has a little corner rounding
	
	Can move while shooting
	
	If the arrow hits even a corner of an enemy's tile, it counts as a hit
	
All enemies try to face you
		
Getting the harp turns enemies into axes.  Maybe they're keys?

You can shoot while in the air.

Arrows get stopped by the blocks you can jump through the bottom off.  You can't jump while aiming up, but can aim up while in mid air.

You can land on platforms below the bottom of the screen.

Hitting a ceiling pauses you in midair for a moment before you fall
If you jump, forward velocity is maintained and 2 steps are taken upon landing unless you've changed direction in midair
Can change direction in midair
Hitting start pauses all badguys in place
If you're far enough away you can shoot around the screen edge (so just the tip of the arrow makes it across)
Screen ALWAYS wraps around
In mystery box room, once you take something, the non-shot boxes disappear completely
	Randomizes somehow?
Arrow is always frontlayer, cupid is always backlayer

When player enters room and comes back, enemies despawn/respawn

Fewer enemies spawn the quicker you move?
Ice floors are a bit slippery
	They can be jumped through
	Can also be ducked down through!
	
Moving floors!
	Move till collision (so can loop around screen)
	
Respawn at level start

Shop products are random